GHA workflow to automate creation of GH releases & tags (#194)
beacon-biosignals/Ray.jl: docs/src/building-artifacts.md

### Artifacts

The `ray_julia` artifacts are hosted via [GitHub releases](https://github.com/beacon-biosignals/Ray.jl/releases) and will be downloaded automatically for any supported platform which installs Ray.jl from a tag.

However, the artifacts are only associated with tagged releases of Ray.jl. 
If you are working off the `main` branch, or developing Ray.jl locally, you will need to [build Ray.jl](./developer-guide.md#build-rayjl) yourself. 
This will also update your `Overrides.toml` to reference the binaries you have built.

> To update the Ray.jl artifacts for a new release simply open a PR which bumps the Ray.jl version in the `Project.toml` and includes any other required changes.
> The Julia CI jobs created by this PR will build the artifacts required to make a new release.
> Upon merging the PR with `main` a new tag will be created and the artifacts will be uploaded to a GitHub Pre-Release, which will be converted as a full Release once the CI for the tag passes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To update the Ray.jl artifacts for a new release simply open a PR which bumps the Ray.jl version in the `Project.toml` and includes any other required changes. Once the PR has been merged into `main` the following actions will be run in the "CI" workflow:

1. Build the various artifacts for supported platforms.
2. Generate the `Artifacts.toml` bindings and commit them.
3. Create a new tag and GitHub pre-release which includes the artifacts as assets.

The creation of the tag will trigger the "Artifacts CI" workflow which is responsible for verifying the generated artifacts work and will promote the GitHub pre-release to a full release once the checks pass.
```
